chore(examples): update go push rideshare-alloy example (#3776)
pyroscope-io/pyroscope: examples/language-sdk-instrumentation/golang-push/rideshare-alloy/README.md

This example demonstrates how to use Alloy to receive and forward profiles from the rideshare example application.

> To learn more about the `pyroscope.receive_http` component in Alloy, visit [our website](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/grafana-alloy/receive_profiles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the `pyroscope.receive_http` component in Alloy, refer to the [`receive_profiles`](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/latest/configure-client/grafana-alloy/receive_profiles/) documentation.
```
